Hello friends, well first of all I
'm fed up it's necessary that I do
this the truth and I tried to avoid talking
about this subject because I didn't want to involve
my friends anymore, I didn't want more
conflicts but I'm definitely
tired of hearing bad
comments for something that is not true and I'm
going to clarify them at this moment and
if I hadn't clarified it before it's because I
was with his personal things and I didn't have the
opportunity to do it
well what's up my kids well today
we have the ceo again it seems that
things have been clarified by
Rayito and from my point of view it is
quite clear it's something that
surprised us at all what he said it's
something that I more or less smelled
before hearing what Rayito said I'm
going to recommend that you watch the video that I just
uploaded a while ago because it is
very important at least for me maybe
you are interested but if you
follow me from the heart I am going to ask you
please to follow me on Instagram and on
YouTube for what are the networks that I
think I have more or less intact and
that they cannot report me because the
truth  on twitter I already have the access
prohibited and I think it is going to be definitive
I hope it is resolved as soon as possible
but just in case I urge you to follow me on you
know and on instagram please well it
seems to me that the rayito has finally
spoken and this is what he said the
conversation that lizbeth read in the
video that you saw and that you have been
sharing minds and all this external
in the conversation below I am
going to give you the proof of everything so that you
understand how it really was and how it
really is you can see this is the
conversation that lizbeth read in the
video
I sent this video to louis it is a
video that was sent to me well a girl with
whom I went out the day before the truth is and I
forwarded this video to louis and I told him that he
denied that I did it the day before I
sent it to him
to which he responded to me all this that you
see here and this is the conversation I don't
really know lizbeth because she took
things out of context and said luisito the
rascal the one who caught me on the ground that was what
she said in the video and  The truth is
that it was not like that
if I had not clarified this it is because I was
busy with personal matters and
you know what they are and I sold
my friend for 500 pesos and he
cheated on anyone
friends do not believe anything you see
on social networks please with this I say
goodbye I hope the
subject has been clarified and I do not want to unleash more controversies
more problems just that it is clear
friends greetings
good night it seems incredible to me the level
of creep that
those of bala boom can have okay I do not even know how I am
surprised because one thing that we
should already be used to and cured
of fright as they say here in my land
remember that lisbeth read these guasa
literally as if each one of the
messages were written by luisito
comunica when seeing them within the
context level that the phrase that I
took yesterday was from rédito that in the
end cabales putting this that I took out
humanly has been rayito at the end
because here what he is admitting is
that he went with a girl who was drunk as
hell and on top of that the basel of the
fun with  your colleague jokingly doesn't
look at what he caught me yesterday which seems
good to me but on the part of the inpec well let's
remember that the ife and his videos
where he apologized several more
false apologies colleagues because you could have
perfectly taken in those apologies and
clarified it tube
lizbeth although you asked for forgiveness as if
what you read at the moment was one
hundred percent blaming luisito when you
had in your hand
this whatsapp avoids that in reality the
success had not been unfaithful equally I
still maintain what I said in the
previous video on this subject that in the
hypothetical case that luisito had
been unfaithful the main culprit
would have been him okay if a person is
unfaithful the one to blame for it coming to light
the culprit of the girlfriend finding out is
the one who did it okay no longer the
intermediaries but the main
culprit him but well it turns out that
the different communicates he has not been unfaithful
in the end it has all been a misunderstanding the
truth is that success has also
taken me very badly because at first in
this it should have been clarified the
first day I would not have  been there to
make the video it's my fault more nonsense
or anything worth it they would have cut it
all the first day I know it and in
fact I said it in a video he didn't leave in the
last one in the previous one how
good that he was having personal problems because his father had just passed away who by the way I send you a huge hug from here and I'm very sorry but I think it wouldn't have cost him anything either five minutes to have done a story like the one he did and cut it all off at the moment no I don't think it's
a thing from the other point but nothing
once again the van gogh team has
shown to be what they are something that we already
know they have shown on many
other occasions such as when they
fought with others and tried to
contact a friend so that the friend would
give them private information it's amazing
also remember that they go around
trying to silence other smaller channels by
throwing videos at them even
throwing down entire channels pathetic I mean it would have been
a little dirty the fact
that they had exposed Luisito Comunica
being real but the fact that Lisbeth
had her hand this compensation she
understood well she let it be put
in the video after  have been edited and
not only that but then make a video
apologizing confirming
the infidelity was real
for less than love they are not worth a [ __ ]
penny as people they are a gang of
scoundrels and they can really screw you
I find it regrettable on the part
of any youtuber who collaborates with
this company and when I refer to
collaborate I mean youtube that
the collaborations appear on their channel
as youtuber to reach agreements with
them okay to react to videos and
things like that in exchange for promotion and I
find it regrettable because these people should not even be
given water okay on this
platform everyone's back and
nothing guys this has been the news
today I hope everything is very
clear I hope no one has any
doubt about what happened in the end it
will not be bad for me that this comes out today
because I really have several videos
recorded but I did not have any edited
for today until tomorrow has passed I will not
start publishing I do not want to create
many there but I have recorded a
criticism I have recorded a hacker with
turbo plan and I think this week we have to
move so nothing guys
See you in the next videos, subscribe if you
don't know
until the next one.